Update readmes to match common design (Map category) 1/x (#462)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: map/create-and-save-map/README.md

## How it works

> 1. A `Map` is created with a `Basemap` and a few operational layers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. An `ArcGISMap` is created with a `Basemap` and a few operational layers.
```

2. A `Portal` object is created and loaded. This will issue an authentication challenge, prompting the user to provide credentials.

> 3. Once the user is authenticated, `Map.saveAsAsync()` is called and a new `Map` is saved with the specified title, tags, and folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Once the user is authenticated, `Map.saveMapAsAsync()` is called and a new `ArcGISMap` is saved with the specified title, tags, and folder.
```
